The celebrated theory is still the source of great controversy.
这一著名的理论至今仍是巨大争议的根源。
I thought a good architectural structure should be useful, durable and beautiful.
我以为一个好的建筑结构应该是有用的，耐用的，美观的。
A group meeting will be held tomorrow in the library conference room.
明天将在图书馆会议室举行小组会议。
A number of students have volunteer jobs.
许多学生从事志愿工作。
Educational level is found to be related to social and economic background.
教育水平与社会和经济背景有关。
All dissertations must be accompanied by a submission form.
所有论文必须附上提交表格。
All industries are a system of inputs, processes, outputs and feedback.
所有行业都是一个输入、处理、输出和反馈的系统。
Economic development needs to be supported by the government.
经济发展需要政府的支持。
Our view is that educational reforms have been inadequately implemented.
我们的看法是，教育改革执行得不够充分。
Most scientists believe that climate change threatens the lives on earth.
大多数科学家认为气候变化威胁地球上的生命。
Americans have typically defined the process of plant growth in quantitative terms.
美国人通常用定量术语来定义植物生长的过程。
An introduction is an essential element of presentation.
简介是演讲的基本要素。
Certain scientific principles must be learned verbally or by logical deduction.
某些科学原理必须要通过口头教学或逻辑推理来学习。
Everyone must evacuate the premises during the fire drill.
在消防演习期间，每个人都必须撤离场地。
Many experts think that the world climate is constantly changing.
许多专家认为世界气候在不断变化。
Human beings compete with other living things for resources and space.
人类与其他生物竞争资源和空间。
He landed a job in a very prestigious law firm.
他在一家非常著名的律师事务所找到了一份工作。
I thought it was through the small meeting room.
我以为是穿过那个小会议室。
Important details from the argument are missing in the summary.
摘要中缺少了论证中的重要细节。
It may not be possible to solve the problem easily.
想要轻易解决这个问题也许是不可能的。
Listening is the key skill needed to succeed in this course.
听力是学好这门课的关键能力。
Medical researchers have focused on causes of diseases and treatments.
医学研究人员一直致力于研究疾病的病因和治疗方法。
The university theater group will be performing in the concert hall.
我们的大学剧团将在音乐厅演出。
Packaging is very important to attract the attention of a buyer.
包装对于吸引购买者的注意是非常重要的。
Plants are the living things that can grow in land or in water.
植物是能在陆地或水中生长的生物。
Radio is a popular form of entertainment throughout the world.
收音机是全世界流行的一种娱乐方式。
Remember, the prestigious election of stewardship has strict eligibility criteria.
记住，这场有声望的管理层选举有严格的资格标准。
Resources and materials are on hold at the library reference desk.
图书馆的咨询台保留着资源和资料。
Students requiring an extension should apply sooner rather than later.
要求延期的学生应尽早申请，不宜推迟。
The application processes may take longer than expected.
申请过程可能比预期的时间更长。
The archeologist's new discoveries stand out in previously overlooked foundations.
这位考古学家的新发现在以前被忽视的基础上更引人注目。
The chemistry building is located near the entrance to the campus.
化学楼位于校园入口处附近。
The city’s founders created a set of rules that became law.
这座城市的创建者创建了一套规则，并最终成为法律。
The course will help students to improve their pronunciation skills.
这门课程将帮助学生提高他们的发音技巧。
The designers will complete the plan later today.
设计师们将在今天晚些时候完成这个设计图。
The essay will be published once the research is finished.
一旦研究完成，这篇文章就会发表。
The island is located at the south end of the bay.
这个岛位于海湾的南端。
The key difference between courses is the kind of assessment.
课程之间的主要区别在于评估方式的不同。
The railway makes long-distance travel possible for everyone.
铁路使每个人都能进行长途旅行。
The students were instructed to submit their assignments before Friday.
学生们被要求在星期五之前交作业。
Traffic is the main cause of air pollution in many cities.
在许多城市，交通是空气污染的主要原因。
Tribes vied with each other to build monolithic statues.
部落为了建造巨型雕像而互相竞争。
Understanding how to use the library will save your time.
了解如何使用图书馆会节省你的时间。
We study science to understand and appreciate the world around us.
我们学习科学是为了理解和欣赏我们周围的世界。
The essay is easy to write once the research is completed.
一旦研究完成，这篇文章很容易写了。
Years of training are required to become a medical specialist.
成为医学专家需要多年的训练。
They developed a unique approach to training their employees.
他们开发了一种独特的方法来培训他们的员工。
The university has invested in new technologies designed to support learning.
大学已投资于新技术，旨在支持学习。
A good academic paper should present a clear argument.
一篇好的学术论文应该呈现一个清晰的论点。
In this language course, we focus on both fluency and accuracy.
在这门语言课程中，我们注重流利度和准确度。
Students are encouraged to monitor their own attendance.
我们鼓励学生自己监督自己的出勤率。
Continuing students will be sent the necessary application forms.
继续就读的学生将收到所需的申请表格。
The department has a higher-than-normal proportion of postgraduate students.
这个学院的研究生比例高于正常水平。
The plight of local wildlife has been ignored by developers.
当地野生动物的困境一直被开发商忽视。
A professor took one year off to work on her book.
一位教授休了一年的假，专注于撰写她的书籍。
Food has become a political issue in the world.
食品已经成为世界上的一个政治问题。
Speed is defined as how quickly an object or a person moves.
速度的定义是物体或人移动的速度。
Animal and plant cells have a number of structures in common.
动物和植物的细胞有许多共同的结构。
Being bilingual does not necessarily mean having the ability to analyze the languages.
会说两种语言并不一定意味着有分析语言的能力。
You must hand in your essays by midday on Friday.
作业必须在星期五中午前提交。
Sugar is a compound including carbon, oxygen, and hydrogen atoms.
糖是一种包括碳、氧和氢原子的化合物。
The shipwreck of this year ruined some artifacts which were interested by historians.
今年的海难毁坏了一些历史学家感兴趣的文物。
Renovation works are currently being undertaken throughout the whole building.
整幢大楼目前正在进行翻新工程。
The bus for London will leave ten minutes later than planned.
开往伦敦的公共汽车将比原计划晚开10分钟。
 A series of lectures showcasing economic research have been recorded.
一系列展示经济研究的讲座被录了下来。
Food containing ample calories provides little or no nutritional value.
含有过多热量的食物几乎没有提供营养价值。
Some vocational courses at institutions are funded by private enterprises.
一些机构的职业课程是由私营企业资助的。
Time and distance are used to calculate speed.
时间和距离被用来计算速度。
Castles were designed to intimidate both local people and enemies.
建造城堡是为了震慑当地人和敌人。
Blue whales are the largest animals that have ever lived.
蓝鲸是有史以来最大的动物。
The opening hours of the library are reduced during summer.
图书馆在夏季的开放时间减少了。
A laptop computer has been found in the biology lab.
在生物实验室里发现了一台笔记本电脑。
His appointment to the Minister of Culture was seen as a demotion.
他被任命为文化部长被认为是降职。
Muscle cells bring parts of the body closer together.
肌肉细胞使身体的各个部分紧密相连。
Photography can be very useful to geographical research.
摄影对地理研究很有用。
Request for late applications will not be accepted under any circumstances.
在任何情况下，都不接受逾期递交的申请。
Salt is produced from seawater or extracted from the ground.
盐是从海水中产生的或从地下提取的。
The news will not be received until the following week.
消息要到下一周才会收到。
You do not need specialist knowledge to enjoy this book.
你不需要专业知识就能欣赏这本书。
She has been in the library for a long time.
她在图书馆呆了很长时间了。
More graduate training is often needed after university study has finished.
大学学习结束后，需要更多的研究生培训。
The area has a variety of underwater habitats and species.
该地区有各种各样的水下栖息地和物种。
He was regarded as the foremost economist at his time.
他被认为是他那个时代最重要的经济学家。
Your ideas are discussed and debated in seminars and tutorials.
你的想法在研讨会和辅导课中被讨论和辩论。
Our study program equips students with essential skills for university.
我们的学习计划使学生具备上大学所需的基本技能。
Academic libraries across the world are steadily incorporating social media.
世界各地的学术图书馆都在逐步地使用社交媒体。
New developments in manufacturing are constantly changing the way we live.
制造业的新发展不断地改变着我们的生活方式。
Classical mechanics is sometimes considered as a branch of applied mathematics.
经典力学有时候被认为是应用数学的一个分支。
Students should leave their bags on the table by the door.
学生们应该把书包放在门边的桌子上。
This advanced course requires a basic knowledge of economic theory.
这门高阶课程要求具备基本的经济学理论知识。
New materials and techniques are changing the style of modern architecture.
新材料和新技术正在改变现代建筑的风格。
There will be a chemistry test in the class next week.
下周，班里将进行化学测试。
Sea levels are expected to rise during the next century.
海平面预计在下个世纪会上升。
Honey can be used as food and a health product.
蜂蜜既可以作为食品，也可以作为保健品。
Farmers need to adapt to the changes in climate.
农民需要适应气候的变化。
An effective business manager is always open to new ideas.
一个有能力的业务经理总是会接受新想法。
The department works closely with business communities.
该部门与商界紧密合作。
There is an accounting assignment for finance students.
金融专业的学生有一个会计作业。
Relying on natural ability will not get you far in science.
在科学/理科的学习上，依靠天生的能力不会使你走得很远。
We should never underestimate the power of creative design.
我们永远不能低估创意设计的力量。
Linguistics is the scientific study and analysis of language.
语言学是针对语言的科学研究和科学分析。
The orchestra will be led by a visiting conductor.
管弦乐队将由来访的指挥家来指挥。
Please return the reference book to the correct position on the library shelf.
请把参考书放回图书馆书架上正确的位置。
Marine environments have been destroyed by pollution and unsustainable development.
海洋环境已经被污染和不可持续的发展破坏了。
Designers need to keep up with the social trends.
设计师需要跟上社会潮流。
Extracurricular activities can help students develop more talents.
课外活动可以帮助学生发展更多的才能。
A new collection of articles has just been published.
一本新的文集刚刚出版。
A visit to the designed museum is of great value.
参观精心设计的博物馆是非常有价值的。
The digital camera has some advantages over traditional film.
数码相机比传统胶卷有一些优势。
Auditions for the university choir will be held next week.
大学合唱团的海选将于下周举行。
There is no fixed career path for a qualified journalist.
合格的记者没有固定的职业道路。
Trees benefit the city by soaking up the rainwater that runs off the roads.
树木通过吸收从道路上流下的雨水的方式来助益城市。
The commissioner will apportion the funds among all the authorities.
专员将把这笔资金分配给所有当局。
Teaching assistants play a vital role in the learning process.
教学助理在学习过程中起着至关重要的作用。
Rivers provide habitat and migration pathways for numerous aquatic species.
河流为许多水生物种提供了栖息地和迁徙途径。
The finding shows that chocolate can improve memory, immunity and mood.
研究结果表明，巧克力可以提高记忆力、免疫力，并改善情绪。
The extent of advertising to children is very much open to debate.
广告对儿童的影响程度是很容易引起争论的。
Rising sea temperatures are a sign of climate change.
海水温度上升是气候变化的征兆。
The key witnesses to the event have conflicting recollections.
该事件的主要目击者的回忆相互矛盾。
Students may only park their cars in authorized university parking spaces.
学生只能将车停在学校指定的停车位。
The very basic definition of computing would be counting and calculating.
计算机算法的最基本定义应该是计数和运算。
The economic predictions turned out to be incorrect.
经济预测结果是不正确的。
Good nutrition is crucial to general health and vitality.
良好的营养对整体健康和活力至关重要。
The momentum is defined as the combination of mass and velocity.
动量被定义为质量和速度的结合。
 It is important to make clear notes when you are reading.
阅读时作清楚的笔记是很重要的。
A world expert in financial management will give a guest lecture.
一位世界级的财务管理专家将带来一场客座讲座。
A world-renowned expert on economics and marketing will give a lecture.
一位世界知名的经济学和市场营销专家将进行讲座。
The north campus car park could be closed on Sunday.
北校区的停车场可能在周日关闭。
The study center in the library has all the latest technologies.
图书馆的学习中心拥有所有最新的技术。
The poster of this play is hung in the largest lecture theater.
这出戏的海报挂在最大的演讲厅里。
You will be tested by continuous assessments and examinations.
你将以持续评估和考试的方式接受测试。
The college operates a system of continuous assessments.
这所学院实行持续评估制度。
The rising temperature is changing the wildlife population.
气温上升正在改变野生动物的数量。
The director of the gallery was grateful for the anonymous donation.
美术馆馆长对匿名捐赠表示感谢。
Studies showed there is a positive correlation between the two variables.
研究表明，这两个变量之间存在正相关关系。
You should have awareness of how the business operates globally.
你应该了解公司是如何在全球范围内运作的。
An architect is required to have problem-solving skills and an eye for design.
建筑师需要有解决问题的能力和设计的眼光。
The subject was complex and difficult to explain.
这个话题/主题/学科很复杂，很难解释。
The campus library will be closed during the winter break.
学校图书馆在寒假期间将关闭。
Accountancy students have to hand in their dissertations this week.
会计专业的学生必须在本周交论文。
While some people regard it as reforming zeal, others regard it as recklessness.
有人认为这是改革的热情，也有人认为这是鲁莽。
His analysis study appears to be based on the false premise.
他的分析研究似乎是基于了错误的前提条件。
Any gain on sales of property must be allocated promptly.
出售财产所获得的任何收益都必须及时分配。
There is a great deal of debate on that topic.
关于那个话题有很多争论。
We encourage students to complete their applications before the deadline .
我们鼓励学生在截止日期前完成申请。
The curriculum should be adjusted to the current development.
课程设置应适应当前的发展。
Lectures are the oldest and the most formal teaching method at university.
讲座是大学里最古老、最正式的教学方法。
Research shows that exercising makes us feel better.
研究表明，锻炼让我们感觉更好。
Before you choose your university courses, you should consider your future career.
在你选择大学课程之前，你应该考虑一下你未来的职业。
Graduates from this course typically pursue careers in financial sector.
这门课程的毕业生通常会在金融部门工作。
It is a debate about the value of knowledge.
这是一场关于知识价值的辩论。
Tutors should set clear goals at the start of the class.
导师应该在课程开始时设定明确的目标。
Students who study overseas can significantly improve their work chances.
出国留学的学生可以显著提高他们的工作机会。
Vocabulary that is peculiar in a special field is called jargon.
在某一特定领域特有的词汇被称为“行话”。
You must answer security questions when you reset your password.
当你重设密码时，你必须回答安全问题。
Astronomers use light years to measure distance in space.
天文学家用“光年”来测量太空中的距离。
Currently the growth of the economy is unpredictable.
目前的经济增长是不可预测的。
The collapse of the housing market has caused recessions.
房地产市场的崩溃引发了经济衰退。
When the root system of a plant fails, foliage suffers.
当植物的根系衰竭时，叶子也会受损。
The course involves a combination of pure and applied mathematics.
这门课程涉及纯数学和应用数学的结合。
Calculators allow us to add numbers without making mistakes.
计算器使我们加数字时不犯错误。
Most of the lectures begin promptly, so do not be late.
大多数的讲座都会准时开始，所以不要迟到。
Students must wear protective clothing that is provided in the medical laboratory.
学生必须穿着医学实验室提供的防护服。
The student union hosts a variety of social events.
学生会举办各种各样的社交活动。
Formal conclusions could be established through rigorous experiments.
通过严格的实验可以得出正式的结论。
Social psychology is concerned with the understanding of human behaviors.
社会心理学关注的是对人类行为的理解。
Our faculty includes five libraries across the university.
我们学院在大学里有五间图书馆。
Gravity is the force that attracts two bodies toward one another.
重力是把两个物体相互吸引的力。
A series of the observations were carried out in the classroom.
在教室里进行了一系列的观察。
The reception staff can give advice on renting private accommodation.
接待处的工作人员可以提供租用私人住所的建议。
The department is doing some crucial work on climate change.
该部门正在做一些关于气候变化的重要工作。
Artists need to make their works both original and accessible.
艺术家需要使他们的作品既具有原创性又易于理解。
Physical strength can be enhanced through regular training.
通过定期训练可以增强体力。
The library will be closed for staff training tomorrow morning.
图书馆将于明天上午闭馆进行员工培训。
Too much information may have been avoided by the group research design.
小组研究设计可能避免了太多的信息。
Plants are able to continue growing throughout their lives.
植物终其一生都能持续生长。
You need to put those books on the table over there.
你需要把这些书放在那边的桌子上。
The biology department is respected to research activities.
生物系以研究活动著称。
The integration of archeologists' studies with community projects is widely encouraged.
考古学家的研究与社区项目的结合得到了广泛的鼓励。
Leaving valuable possessions unattended in public place is risky.
把贵重物品放在公共场所无人看管是很危险的。
The lecture is about the reasons for the financial crisis.
这场讲座是关于金融危机的原因的。
Laws protect consumer rights and help to avoid market problems.
法律保护消费者权利，帮助避免市场问题。
We can’t consider any increase in our price at this stage.
在这个阶段，我们不能考虑任何的涨价。
The students will meet their new teachers after the summer vacation.
暑假过后，学生们将会见到他们的新老师。
Please move us to the meeting room for the next hour.
在接下来的一个小时里，请带我们到会议室去。
Before preparing food, please make sure to wash your hands.
在准备食物之前，请务必洗手。
You must call your doctor to make an appointment.
你必须打电话给你的医生预约。
There is a pharmacy on campus near the bookstore.
校园里书店附近有个药房。
Convincing evidence to support this theory is hard to obtain.
支持这一理论的令人信服的证据很难获得。
Daily practice can build confidence and improve skills.
每天的练习可以建立自信，提高技能。
The university will cease the colossal renovation of the faint empty theater.
这所大学将停止对那座昏暗的空剧院的大规模整修。
Strangely, people are simultaneously impressed by and are skeptical about statistics.
奇怪的是，人们对"统计数据"既感到印象深刻又持怀疑态度。